Shen Rong
You're acting like a clown
grandstanding
Do you really think an ant like you
The Neutral Group will let you in.
Don't stop him
I'm going to see how he gets in today
Do you not understand?
Must come to die
Let Guan Ju come to see me
Just say that Shen Rong came to get Du Yuanhua
What are you?
You can also let Mr. Guan see you
This kid really doesn't know the sky and the earth
Dare to provoke officials and gather wealth under the door of a neutral group
Tianguan Lao Tzu can't save him even if he comes
Dare to provoke the largest consortium in the lower middle
I'd like to see it
What's going on in his head?
Hey, mom, let him learn a lesson
Otherwise, you will never learn to be smart in your life
Just self-inflicted
Don't worry about it.
Besides, you can't control it.
Are you going?
If you don't go, we'll do it. Stop it
Who asked you to do something to my guest?
Eyeless thing
I asked you to come out and meet me.
This is how Mr. Shen greeted him
Dare to do it
I'm sorry, Mr. Shen's subordinates are speechless
How is that possible?
Shen Long, this trash, actually knows Guan Jucai
Even my dad can't do it
How did this trash do it?